hello I am back this is Jenny barage and
you are watching my weekly segment on
news and insight in the gaming industry
a couple of months ago I published a
video in regards to the structure of the
gaming industry and a lot of you liked
it this is why my upcoming episodes in
my weekly segments are going to more
focus on the gaming industry side of
things rather than Luda Lachie the games
industry is often considered a very
chaotic one simply due to the large
risks involved and the growth and a lot
of academics haven't really studied the
games industry solely on its own perhaps
because it's still a very new industry
in comparison to other media forms such
as the film industry and the book
industry however of the academics who
have focused on the video game industry
and the creation of video games it's
been discovered that 9 key roles are
needed to create video games the first
key role is the publisher now the
publisher is the organization that helps
promote and distribute the video game
and we know a lot of publishers out
there such as Activision EA and Ubisoft
the next key role is the financier the
financier is usually the publisher and
what the financier does is fund the game
the third key role in building a video
game is the licensor this is the
individual or organization that owns the
intellectual property used in the video
game for example the Legend of Zelda
series is considered to be Nintendo's IP
aka intellectual property the fourth key
role is the platform owner now this is
the organization that owns the gaming
platform in which the game will be
played on the fifth key role is the
producer now this individual or group of
individuals are considered to be the
project managers of the video game
simply because they own all the
responsibilities in creating this game
but I'll get more into detail
about what it takes to be a project
manager in a future episode the sixth
key role is the game designer now this
is the individual or organization that
focuses on the mechanics or the gameplay
or simply the experience of the game the
seventh key role is the software
engineer the individual or organization
the focuses on the code assets of the
video game the eighth hero is the audio
engineer individual responsible for
producing the audio of the game and last
but not least the ninth key role is the
graphic designer the individual or
organization that focuses on the
graphical elements of the game as well
as the user interface aka UI these are
considered the nine key roles in
building a video game now here's my
question to you have you ever considered
building a video game or have you built
a video game now before I end off this
video I'd like to introduce you to my
new project-based gamer comm now this
website is going to focus on a game
review aggregation that's going to be
transparent and honest and most
importantly community driven I know it's
very important that every industry
respects its consumers but I just don't
see that in the gaming industry as of
right now and that is why I'm making a
change with base gamer comm I have an
IndieGoGo campaign at the moment you can
watch the video somewhere here and I
really love your support I know a lot of
you have messaged me in regards to
financially supporting me somehow with
my youtube career and I respectfully
declined each and every time but I'm
asking you now if you are watching and
you still want to help me in some shape
or form I ask you to help me out with
this IndieGoGo campaign because it
really means a lot to me
but for everyone who is watching and
knows about basedgamer com
so far and has supported me
from the get-go thank you so much from
the bottom of my heart you guys have
kept me motivated in all of this so
thank you so much I'll see you guys all
next week Cheers
and keep on gaming